add quick reference for newcomers (#13)
bcgov/bcdg: docs/welcome-to-bc-gov.md

# Welcome to the BC Government

> There are a plethora of things to consider when developing apps for Government. This list will hopefully get you started on the right foot. 

Author: @Pilargit12 this is targeted for folks that are brand new to government - the first phrase here feels a bit less like it acknowledges this somehow although I can't put my finger on why, maybe something to do with the tense? Maybe something like "you will need to consider"?

## Five quick things to get you started

1. Bookmark this site! It aims to be the central hub for all things development.

> 2. Get [access to the BCGov GitHub organization](../use-github-in-bcgov/bc-government-organizations-in-github). This is the default place for code to be stored in the BC Gov. Learn more here. 

Author: Thank you! Things I know but are hard to remember in the moment <3

3. [Get access to Rocket.Chat](../rocketchat/steps-to-join-rocketchat). This is the place that the developer community gathers to ask questions and support each other when they have issues, and is often the best place to get support for internal services like our Cloud services and Common Components. 

4. [Explore the internal services](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/common-components/) and [Saas Tools](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/cloud/services/saas/) you can re-use to supports your work.

5. [Learn about what's happening in the BC Gov Digital Ecosystem](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/blog/).

Beyond this, most things are up to your team to decide, and not standardized. Browse the [documentation](/docs/) on this site to understand some of the existing resources available to you. Your team may have more guidance specific to your Ministry and team processes. 

## Where things are hosted

> ### Working in the Private Cloud a.k.a. Open Shift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Private cloud application deployment - OpenShift environment
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Private cloud - technical documentation](/docs/default/component/platform-developer-docs/)
```

* [Open Shift Intro](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/cloud/services/private/intro/)
* [Account access](/docs/default/component/platform-developer-docs/docs/openshift-projects-and-access/grant-user-access-openshift/)
* [Training](/docs/default/component/platform-developer-docs/docs/training-and-learning/training-from-the-platform-services-team/)

> ### Working in the Public Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Public cloud - OCIO AWS Landing Zone 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Public cloud - technical documentation](/docs/default/component/pubic-cloud-techdocs/)
```

* [Public Cloud Intro](https://digital.gov.bc.ca/cloud/services/public/intro/)
* [Account access](/docs/default/component/public-cloud-techdocs/provision-a-project-set/#account-access)

> * [Training](/docs/default/component/platform-developer-docs/#training-and-learning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: This is only training for OpenShift in the private cloud - not belonging to public cloud

> ### On Premise Hosting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On-premise hosting
```

* [Hosting Services Intro](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/bc-procurement-resources/buy-for-government/goods-and-services-catalogue/hosting-services)

> ## Security & Compliance Guidance and Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security and compliance guidance and policies
```

> You aren't expected to memorize these, but they are helpful to have as context for the compliance and governance environment you're working within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to memorize these, but having them as context is helpful for navigating the compliance and governance environment you're working within.
```

> * [Privacy And Personal Information In The BC Public Sector](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/services-for-government/information-management-technology/privacy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Privacy and personal information in the B.C. public sector](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/services-for-government/information-management-technology/privacy)
```

* [FOIPPA Quick Reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bcgov/devhub-resources/master/resources/privacy/foippa_quick_reference.pdf)

> * [BC Government OpenShift DevOps Security Considerations](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/devops-security-considerations/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [B.C. government OpenShift DevOps security considerations](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/devops-security-considerations/)
```

* [BC Gov Policy for GitHub](https://github.com/bcgov/BC-Policy-Framework-For-GitHub/blob/master/README.md)

> * [IMIT Standards](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/services-for-government/policies-procedures/im-it-standards)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [IMIT standards](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/services-for-government/policies-procedures/im-it-standards)
```
